1. Feature preprocessing , Feature generation

	- i) Types of features

	      i) Numerical   (eg. fare)
	      ii)categorical (eg. gender)
	      iii)Text       (eg. name)
	      iv) Ordinal - Like categorical but with order of superiority (e.g. condition - old, medium, new)
	      


	- Preprocessing :

	i) Feature Scaling   -   Tree based models don't depend on scaling
							 Non tree based models depends largely on scaling

	ii) Outliers

	iii) Rank

	iv) One Hot Encoding - Converting categorical data in Linear models

	v) Sparse Matrix - For storing categorical value with lot of zero values

	vi) datetime and coordinate(in map) features


2. Handling missing values

	i) numbers like -1,-999    - for tree based models

	ii) Mean, median - for linear models

	iii) reconstructing values



3. Image / Text data


	i) Text : i) Bag of words (count of each words)

	          ii) n-gram (considering n words together)

	          iii) Stemming - Democracy , democratic , democratization   -->  democra

	          iv) Lemmatization - Democracy , democratic , democratization --> democracy

	          v) Stopwords - That does not carry enough information e.g. prepositions and articles

	
	ii) Image : i) Fine turning

				ii) Augmentation


4. Exploratory Data Analysis :

	i) To understand data better

	ii) Build intuition about the data

	iii) Generate Hypothesis

	iv) Find insights


5. Building intuiting about data :

	i) Domain knowledge

	ii) How data is generated


6. Visualisation :

	i) Individual feature :

		- Histogram

	ii) Feature relation :

		- Scatter plot

		- Heatmap


7. Data in competitions :

	i) Train data - with output column or label

		- Divide in 2 parts :

		 i) Training part - for training our model

		 ii) Validation - for validating our trained model on unseen data

	ii) Test data - without output column or label

		- Predict the values and submit the prediction 



8. Validataion :

	i) Holdout - When data is simply divided into train and validation part

	             Good with datasets having large amount of data (more rows)

	ii) K fold - Using a part of data as validation part and other as train data and continuously repeating the process k times with different part as validation

				Good with datasets having small no. of rows



9. Splittig techniques :

	i) Random split

	ii) Timewise split

	iii) By id