1. Data Wrangling , Data Mining and Data Warehousing

   Wrangling : Cleaning data to prepare it for analysis
   Warehousing : Storing data from multiple sources into a Warehouse
   Mining : Processing warehouse data to get insight

2. Deterministic model vs Probablistic(Stochastic) model
   
   Deterministic : When all the inputs are known and outcome is going to be same everytime
   Stochastic : When some of the inputs are not known with certainty and outcome is not fixed

2. Skewness and Kurtosis

	- Skewness : Measure of symmetry of a data distribution(histogram).
	             Perfectly symmetric data has 0 skewness
	             Right tailed data has positive and left tailed data has negative skewness .

	- Kurtosis : It measures how pointy a data distribution is.
				 Very pointed data distribution gives high positive kurtosis
				 Flat data distribution gives high negative kurtosis
				 A moderate curved data distribution gives 0 kurtosis



3. Bias vs Variance trade-off :

	Bias - It's the error that we get while training our train data . Linear(simple) models have more error i.e. more bias while complex models has less bias .

	Variance - As the train and test data is not same. A model that is giving very less error in train data must be overfit and give more error in test data . 
	           And that is said to be more variance for a model. Variance is the variation in results of training and test data .

	-  More complex model has low bias but high variance because of some amount of overfitting . And the opposite is true for simple models


4. Normalisation and Regularisation

5. Dimensionality Reduction - We can imagine data in just 1,2 or 3 dimension . The process of reducing the dimension of the e.g reducing data of 5 columns to just 1d or 2d.
							  Principal Component Analysis(PCA) is one of the way to implement Dimensionality Reduction .

6. Collaborative Filtering

7. One hot encoding - Where string or integer no. of output label is converted to vector . eg. output label "7" of MNIST data is [0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0]

8. Word2Vec

9. Bagging and Boosting

